BULLETIN BOARD SYSTEMS
          June, 1987


PHONE HACKERS GO RETAIL SELLING ILLEGAL CALLS 
 
        Some telephone access code hackers are finding a new market by
selling fraudulent telephone service by the call. 
        According to The New York Times, hustlers at big city bus and rail
terminals are working a multimillion-dollar scam selling illicit long-distance
telephone calls. At the Port Authority Bus Terminal, hustlers charge $2 for 
calls anywhere in the country and as little as $4 for calls almost anywhere 
in the world. 
        The hustlers do the dialing using billing codes stolen from long- 
distance telephone companies and often picked up from computer bulletin 
boards. The customers often are immigrants and others who know find it hard 
to resist the price.
        Experts say the pay phone scam accounts for a substantial portion of
the nation's $500 million annual cost of illegal calls, according to the
Communications Fraud Control Association, an independent group formed by MCI, 
US Sprint and AT&T in 1985 to fight crimes involving communications.
        Rami S. Abuhamdeh, the association's executive director, said the 
fraud usually begins with a computer hacker who can penetrate a telephone 
company's electronic files. Many of the victims are the 1 million MCI 
customers who still make calls on an old and vulnerable system that uses a
local access phone number and a five-digit billing code.
        For overseas calls, hustlers often use a friend in another city who 
has a "blue box" or other special equipment to tap into an AT&T long-distance 
line. 
        Telephone companies say they are aggressive about tracing illegal 
calls and prosecuting hackers who steal codes.
        According to the Times, 190 people in New York City were charged with 
telephone fraud last year. But the paper also said telephone companies
competing for customers are reluctant to make billing code systems more 
complicated, and that leave it open to illegal entrepreneurs. 

