


                                 MCDONNELL DOUGLAS
                         NETWORK SYSTEMS COMPANY (TYMNET)
     
                           LICENSE FOR COMPUTER PROGRAMS
     
     1.   LICENSE GRANT
     
     Tymnet grants  to Customer  a non-exclusive,  non-transferable, worldwide
     license to  use its  Programs developed  or offered by Tymnet and used in
     Customer's Network.
     
     2.   LICENSE FEES
     
     The license fees to be paid by Customer are Tymnet's then current license
     fees as  set forth  in the Communications Software Price Schedule and are
     payable on  either a paid-up basis or on a monthly basis.  Customer shall
     be invoiced  monthly for  monthly license  fees. All monthly license fees
     are payable  in advance  commencing on  the date  of acceptance.  Paid-up
     licenses shall be invoiced on the date of acceptance.
     
     3.   LICENSE TERM
     
     The term  of the  license for the Program shall be that license period as
     specified in  the Communications  Software Price Schedule and as selected
     by Customer  commencing upon  the date  the Program  order is accepted in
     writing by Tymnet, and shall be automatically renewed for additional one-
     year periods  unless either party notifies the other at least thirty (30)
     days prior to the expiration of the initial or any renewable term that it
     does not intend to renew.
     
     4.   DELIVERY OF PROGRAMS
     
     Each licensed  Program will  be delivered to Customer in machine-readable
     (object code)  form unless  the parties  have previously  agreed that the
     Customer is  to receive the source code.  Each licensed Program in object
     code form may be copied in whole or in part, if necessary, for Customer's
     own use  and then only for backup and/or archival purposes, preserving in
     each case  Tymnet's copyright  notices.   If Customer  is to  receive the
     source code,  it agrees  that it  will abide  by and  implement  Tymnet's
     security provisions relating to the protection of the source code.
     
     5.   DISPOSITION OF PROGRAMS UPON EXPIRATION OF LICENSE
     
     Upon expiration  of the  license  term,  Customer  will  return  all  the
     Programs to  Tymnet, including  any copies  used for  back-up or archival
     purposes and also including any Customer modifications.
     
     6.   EXCLUSION FROM LICENSE FEE
     
     The Program license does not include installation of the Program. Paid-up
     licenses do not include Program maintenance or updates.
     
     
                                         1












     7.   USE OF PROGRAMS
     
     Customer agrees  to use  the  Programs  only  on  the  specific  unit  of
     Equipment as  idenitified on  Customer's order  or such unit of Equipment
     which may  have been  substituted by  Tymnet for the originally specified
     unit of Equipment.
     
     8.   TITLE AND MODIFICATIONS
     
     8.1   Title -  Title to  programs provided  by Tymnet to Customer resides
     with Tymnet or its licensor, and title to all copies thereof, modified or
     not,  shall   remain  solely   with  Tymnet  or  its  licensor.  Customer
     acknowledges that  the Programs  constitute a  valuable asset  and  trade
     secret of  Tymnet or its licensor and that Tymnet has a proprietary right
     and interest in and to the Programs and that any information with respect
     thereto is  confidential.  Accordingly, Customer agrees not to reproduce,
     copy, duplicate,  divulge, or allow to be reproduced, copied, duplicated,
     or divulged,  except as  provided in  Section 4  hereof, any  Program  or
     documentation or  any part thereof.  The Customer shall in no event sell,
     assign, license,  franchise, sublicense,  or otherwise convey Program(s),
     duplications or  modifications thereof  to any third person. In the event
     that the  Customer shall  attempt to  use or  convey the Programs, or any
     duplication or modification thereof, in a manner contrary to the terms of
     this Agreement,  Tymnet shall  have the  right, in  addition to any other
     remedies available  to it, to injunctively act in enjoining such acts, it
     being acknowledged  that other  remedies  at  law  are  inadequate.    If
     Customer is  to receive  access to  the source  code and  control of  the
     source  code  within  its  environment,  Customer  agrees  that  it  will
     implement Tymnet's  security provisions and that it will permit Tymnet to
     periodically audit Customer's adherence to Tymnet's security provisions.
     
     8.2   Security of Source Code - If Customer is to receive the source code
     to the  Program and  have control  of same within Customer's environment,
     Tymnet, within  its sole discretion, reasonably exercised, may impose any
     security procedure  it deems  appropriate to  protect its source code and
     may even  deny to  Customer its ability to control the source code within
     its environment  if  Tymnet  deems  the  Customer's  security  provisions
     inadequate.
     
     8.3   Modifications - If the Customer modifies the Programs, Tymnet shall
     not be  responsible for  compatibility of  such  modified  Programs  with
     Equipment, or  other programs,  future  program  releases,  or  test  and
     verification routines on engineering change orders.  Customer agrees that
     Tymnet will  have the  right to  charge in  accordance with Tymnet's then
     commercial policies  and prices,  for any services performed by Tymnet at
     Customer's request,  resulting  from  Customer's  modifications  of  such
     Programs or Customer's failure to use current Program releases (not older
     than eighteen  (18) months from the date of the current baseline release)
     which Tymnet shall from time to time announce.
     
     9.   INSTALLATION COSTS
     
     Unless the  parties mutually  agree otherwise,  the installation  of  the
     Programs shall be accomplished electronically and the cost thereof to the
     Customer shall be based upon Tymnet's then current rates.
     
                                         2









     10.  ACCEPTANCE
     
     Tymnet will  notify Customer  when installation  of each Program has been
     completed. Following installation, Customer shall have a reasonable time,
     not to  exceed thirty  (30) days,  to inspect  and test  the Programs for
     conformance  to   Tymnet's  specifications.  If  the  Program  is  deemed
     defective by  Customer, Customer  shall, within  such inspection  period,
     notify Tymnet  in writing  and provide  a detailed  description  of  such
     defects. Tymnet will attempt to remedy any defect described in Customer's
     report and,  at Tymnet's  option, correct  any errors at the installation
     site or  conduct such  correction  electronically  via  telephone  lines.
     Failure of  the Customer  to notify  Tymnet of  any defects and provide a
     detailed  description   thereof  within  such  inspection  period,  shall
     constitute  unconditional   acceptance  of   the  Programs  by  Customer.
     Notwithstanding the  foregoing, placing  a Program  into  productive  use
     shall be  deemed to  be acceptance  of such  Program  by  Customer.  Upon
     acceptance and/or  upon demonstration  that the  Program  meets  Tymnet's
     specifications, Tymnet  shall then issue its invoice with respect to such
     Program.
     
     If acceptance  is to  be accomplished by a demonstration of an integrated
     system, as  opposed to  an  acceptance  of  a  Program  measured  against
     Tymnet's published  specifications, such acceptance shall be conducted in
     accordance with an acceptance plan which shall be developed in accordance
     with Section 6 of the Master Agreement.
     
     11.   PROGRAM SUPPORT SERVICE
     
     11.1  Term of Support Service - Tymnet agrees that it will, for a minimum
     period of  five (5)  years, measured  from the  acceptance  date  of  the
     relevant  order,   provide  Program  support  service  to  the  Customer.
     Subsequent to the expiration of the five-year term, such computer support
     service may  be discontinued by Tymnet by a six (6) month advance written
     notice, in  which case  Tymnet shall  either  ensure  that  such  support
     service shall  be conducted by a third party at Customer's expense, or at
     Customer's request,  Tymnet shall deliver to Customer the source code for
     the licensed  Programs, so  as to  enable Customer  to  provide  its  own
     Program support service.
     
     11.2   Computer Program  Support Service  - Support service shall include
     the following:
     
        (a) Advising  the Customer  of any  problems or  defects  in  the
        Program after such problems or defects become known to Tymnet;
        
        (b) Providing solutions to such problems or defects
        after such problems or defects become known to Tymnet;
        
        
                                         3
















        
        (c) Providing  the Customer  with  all  available  modifications,
        improvements, and  refinements to  the  Programs  which  are  not
        separately  priced   and  marketed   by  Tymnet,  which  will  be
        numerically assigned and controlled by Tymnet;
        
        (d) Providing  the Customer with modifications to the Programs to
        reflect any  changes in  the  systems  with  which  the  computer
        programs interface,  such items  to be  provided at  the standard
        rates then in effect.
        
     11.3   Exclusions from  Support Service - Tymnet shall not be required to
     provide Program  support services  should the  Customer make unauthorized
     alterations in  the Programs, or fail to install the most current version
     of the Programs (as defined in Section 8. 2) supplied by Tymnet.
     
     12.   WARRANTY
     
     12.1   Warranty Statement  - Tymnet warrants, that for a period of thirty
     (30) days  following the acceptance date, the Programs licensed hereunder
     shall each perform in conformance with Tymnet's specifications as then in
     effect. The  liability of Tymnet under this warranty is solely limited to
     provide the  support services  maintenance as  specified  in  Section  11
     (Program Support  Service). The above express warranty shall not apply to
     any program  license hereunder  should  the  Customer  make  unauthorized
     alterations in the programs.
     
     12.2   Limitations -  THE EXPRESS WARRANTIES AS SET FORTH IN SECTION 12.1
     ABOVE ARE  IN  LIEU  OF  ALL  OTHER  WARRANTIES,  EXPRESSED  OR  IMPLIED,
     INCLUDING BUT  NOT LIMITED  TO ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR
     FITNESS FOR  A PARTICULAR  PURPOSE.   IN NO  EVENT SHALL TYMNET BE LIABLE
     UNDER THIS  AGREEMENT FOR  ANY INCIDENTAL  OR CONSEQUENTIAL  DAMAGES WITH
     RESPECT TO THE COMPUTER PROGRAMS OR SERVICES PROVIDED HEREUNDER.
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
                                         4
       